When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
i would want remote repository when i want to share my project with more that one people. so they can download the lattest commits i
have made to my project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

if i am working on a feature on local git repository but since it is not complete i have not push it  to the remote.when i again log on my sytem to work on that feature then if git is automatically pulling changes then my new feature can be deleted. thats why pulling changes manually from remote is better.
    
Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

Fork: this is used to create the clone of the repository on the git hub server. i will use it when i want to modify some project build by other. so they can get the credit and i can also modify it.

Clones: i will use this when i have to copy a repository. form a url. 

Branches: branches are created when we have to try out the new feature so that master brach code will not be get affected.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    if we dont have the copy of the last stage and we are updating our local repository then it can cause problem in merging.like merging conflic so it is better to keep a copy of state of the remote stored locally.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

	if i want to collaborate without using github i have to waste my too much time. and i have to stay connected with the other collaborator to see what changes they made and then bring that code through pendrive to myself and then add it into my code. resolve any conflid . if the collaborator is working on different feature then it makes us hard to merge both code.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
